docs(next-release): improve wordings in migration guide (#2953)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/migration/migration.react.mdx

+ <TextAreaField
```

#### 2. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` moves text directionality support to ThemeProvider

<Alert variation="info" heading="Note">
  If you are NOT using `dir="rtl"` in your application, feel free to skip this item.
</Alert>

`@aws-amplify/ui-react` has a dependency on Radix components for Menu, SliderField, Tabs, and Expander. There were a number of changes in the [July 21, 2022 release](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/overview/releases#july-21-2022) of `radix-ui/*` packages, and the breaking change for `@aws-amplify/ui-react` was removal of support for the `dir` HTML attribute, and the addition of the DirectionProvider. In order to make the transition seamless for most of Amplify users, we've added the `DirectionProvider` with a default `direction` of `ltr` to the `ThemeProvider`.

> If your applications was using right to left directionality, the example below shows the needed change for apps using the native HTML `dir="rtl"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is using right to left directionality, the example below shows the needed change for apps using the native HTML `dir="rtl"`:
```

```diff
- <View dir="rtl">
+ <ThemeProvider direction="rtl">
```

Also see: [Internationalization](react/getting-started/internationalization)

#### 3. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` removes legacy component exports

> Remove any of the following deprecated components imported from `@aws-amplify/ui-react/legacy`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following deprecated components imported from `@aws-amplify/ui-react/legacy` are removed:
```

- AmplifyAuthenticator
- AmplifySignIn
- AmplifySignOut
- AmplifyChatbot
- AmplifyPhotoPicker
- AmplifyPicker
- AmplifyS3Album
- AmplifyS3Image
- AmplifyS3ImagePicker
- AmplifyS3Text
- AmplifyS3TextPicker
- withAuthenticator

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the v1 version of this package and re-exporting these components caused issues. If you still want to use these legacy components you can depend on the v1 version of this package with an npm alias in your dependencies: 

`"@aws-amplify/ui-react-v1": "npm:@aws-amplify/ui-react@1.2.9"`

```

Author: I think this is fair, I'll add it in.

#### 4. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` adds `inputStyles` prop to Field primitives

Before 4.0, Field components like `TextField` would try to intelligently apply certain style props onto the wrapper element and some on the input element. We felt this was a little too opaque to users, but we still want to allow you to style the input element directly. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` adds an `inputStyles` prop to Field components so you can apply style props directly on the input (or `textarea` or `select`) as well as on the wrapper element. 

Hopefully this change won't affect your code but will allow for more customization and control. 

<Alert variation="info" heading="Note">
  The TextAreaField component does apply 1 style prop directly on the `textarea` element: `resize`. We felt this one makes sense to apply direclty on the the `textarea` element and not the wrapper element.
</Alert>

> #### 5. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` moves Automatic signin on signup logic to `aws-amplify`. 

Author: ```suggestion
#### 5. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` moves automatic signin on signup logic to `aws-amplify`. 
```

+ <TextAreaField
```

#### 2. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` moves text directionality support to ThemeProvider

<Alert variation="info" heading="Note">
  If you are NOT using `dir="rtl"` in your application, feel free to skip this item.
</Alert>

> `@aws-amplify/ui-react` has a dependency on Radix components for Menu, SliderField, Tabs, and Expander. There were a number of changes in the [July 21, 2022 release](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/overview/releases#july-21-2022) of `radix-ui/*` packages, and the breaking change for `@aws-amplify/ui-react` was removal of support for the `dir` HTML attribute, and the addition of the DirectionProvider. In order to make the transition seamless for most of Amplify users, we've added the `DirectionProvider` with a default `direction` of `ltr` to the `ThemeProvider`.

Reviewer 2: Align syntax on usage of `DirectionProvider`:
```suggestion
`@aws-amplify/ui-react` has a dependency on Radix components for Menu, SliderField, Tabs, and Expander. There were a number of changes in the [July 21, 2022 release](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/overview/releases#july-21-2022) of `radix-ui/*` packages, and the breaking change for `@aws-amplify/ui-react` was removal of support for the `dir` HTML attribute, and the addition of the `DirectionProvider`. In order to make the transition seamless for most of Amplify users, we've added the `DirectionProvider` with a default `direction` of `ltr` to the `ThemeProvider`.
```

```

> #### 6. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@v4` removes legacy i18n translation keys removed

Reviewer 3: `v4` or `4.x`?

Author: Thank you for the catch, that's a copy and paste error.
```suggestion
#### 6. `@aws-amplify/ui-react@4.x` removes legacy i18n translation keys removed
```
